# 简介

Conditional requests are HTTP requests [RFC7231] that include one or
more header fields indicating a precondition to be tested before
applying the method semantics to the target resource. This document
defines the HTTP/1.1 conditional request mechanisms in terms of the
architecture, syntax notation, and conformance criteria defined in
[RFC7230].

Conditional GET requests are the most efficient mechanism for HTTP
cache updates [RFC7234]. Conditionals can also be applied to
state-changing methods, such as PUT and DELETE, to prevent the "lost
update" problem: one client accidentally overwriting the work of
another client that has been acting in parallel.

Conditional request preconditions are based on the state of the
target resource as a whole (its current value set) or the state as
observed in a previously obtained representation (one value in that
set). A resource might have multiple current representations, each
with its own observable state. The conditional request mechanisms
assume that the mapping of requests to a "selected representation"
(Section 3 of [RFC7231]) will be consistent over time if the server
intends to take advantage of conditionals. Regardless, if the
mapping is inconsistent and the server is unable to select the
appropriate representation, then no harm will result when the
precondition evaluates to false.

The conditional request preconditions defined by this specification
(Section 3) are evaluated when applicable to the recipient
(Section 5) according to their order of precedence (Section 6).
